README.md, before:

# hubspot3

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/hubspot3.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/hubspot3)
[![Code Health](https://landscape.io/github/jpetrucciani/hubspot3/master/landscape.svg?style=flat)](https://landscape.io/github/jpetrucciani/hubspot3/master)


A python wrapper around HubSpot\'s APIs, _for python 3_.

Built initially around hapipy, but heavily modified.

## Quick start

### Basic Usage

```python
from hubspot3.companies import CompaniesClient
API_KEY = 'your-api-key'

client = CompaniesClient(api_key=API_KEY)

for company in client.get_all():
    print(company)
```

### Passing Params

```python
import json
from hubspot3.deals import DealsClient

deal_id = '12345'
API_KEY = 'your_api_key'

deals_client = DealsClient(api_key=API_KEY)

params = {
    'includePropertyVersions': 'true'
}  # Note values are camelCase as they appear in the Hubspot Documentation!

deal_data = deals_client.get(deal_id, params=params)
print(json.dumps(deal_data))
```

## Rate Limiting

Be aware that this uses the HubSpot API directly, so you are subject to all of the guidelines that HubSpot has in place:
https://developers.hubspot.com/apps/api_guidelines

at the time of writing, HubSpot has the following limits in place for API requests:
- 10 requests per second
- 40,000 requests per day. This daily limit resets at midnight based on the time zone setting of the HubSpot account


## Extending the BaseClient - thanks [@Guysoft](https://github.com/guysoft)!

Some of the APIs are not yet complete! If you\'d like to use an API that isn\'t yet in this repo, you can extend the BaseClient class! 

```python
import json
from hubspot3.base import BaseClient


PIPELINES_API_VERSION = '1'


class PipelineClient(BaseClient):
    """
    Lets you extend to non-existing clients, this example extends pipelines
    """

    def __init__(self, *args, **kwargs):
        super(PipelineClient, self).__init__(*args, **kwargs)

    def get_pipelines(self, **options):
        params = {}

        return self._call('pipelines', method='GET', params=params)

    def _get_path(self, subpath):
        return 'deals/v{}/{}'.format(
            self.options.get('version') or PIPELINES_API_VERSION,
            subpath
        )


if __name__ == "__main__":
    import json
    API_KEY = "your_api_key"
    a = PipelineClient(api_key=API_KEY)
    print(json.dumps(a.get_pipelines()))
```


## List of available clients

```yaml
hubspot3/
  setup.py:             pip setup file

  hubspot3/
    __init__.py:          hubspot3 module
    base.py:              base hubspot client class
    blog.py:              hubspot blog api client
    broadcast.py:         hubspot broadcast api
    companies.py:         hubspot companies api
    contact_lists.py:     hubspot contact lists api
    contacts.py:          hubspot contacts api
    deals.py:             hubspot deals api
    engagements.py:       hubspot engagements api
    error.py:             hubspot3 error helpers
    forms.py:             hubspot forms api
    globals.py:           globals file for hubspot3
    keywords.py:          hubspot keywords api
    leads.py:             hubspot leads api
    logging_helper.py:    logging helper function
    owners.py:            hubspot owners api
    prospects.py:         hubspot prospects client
    settings.py:          hubspot settings api
    utils.py:             base utils for the hubspot3 library

    mixins/
      __init__.py:          extra functionalities for hubspot3
      threading.py:         allow threaded execution of hubspot api calls

    test/
      __init__.py:          no documentation found
      helper.py:            no documentation found
      logger.py:            no documentation found
      test_base.py:         no documentation found
      test_broadcast.py:    no documentation found
      test_error.py:        no documentation found
      test_keywords.py:     no documentation found
      test_leads.py:        no documentation found
      test_settings.py:     no documentation found
```

Commit message:

switching to setup.cfg. reformatting using the black standard. adding requests to the reqs. updating readme a bit. adding get_recently_(modified, created) calls to the deals client

README.md, after:

# hubspot3

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/hubspot3.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/hubspot3)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/ambv/black)

A python wrapper around HubSpot\'s APIs, _for python 3_.

Built initially around hapipy, but heavily modified.

## Quick start

### Installation

```bash
# on ubuntu you may need this apt package:
sudo apt-get install libcurl4-openssl-dev

# install hubspot3
pip install hubspot3
```

### Basic Usage

```python
from hubspot3.companies import CompaniesClient

API_KEY = "your-api-key"

client = CompaniesClient(api_key=API_KEY)

for company in client.get_all():
    print(company)
```

### Passing Params

```python
import json
from hubspot3.deals import DealsClient

deal_id = "12345"
API_KEY = "your_api_key"

deals_client = DealsClient(api_key=API_KEY)

params = {
    "includePropertyVersions": "true"
}  # Note values are camelCase as they appear in the Hubspot Documentation!

deal_data = deals_client.get(deal_id, params=params)
print(json.dumps(deal_data))
```

## Rate Limiting

Be aware that this uses the HubSpot API directly, so you are subject to all of the guidelines that HubSpot has in place:
https://developers.hubspot.com/apps/api_guidelines

at the time of writing, HubSpot has the following limits in place for API requests:

- 10 requests per second
- 40,000 requests per day. This daily limit resets at midnight based on the time zone setting of the HubSpot account

## Extending the BaseClient - thanks [@Guysoft](https://github.com/guysoft)!

Some of the APIs are not yet complete! If you\'d like to use an API that isn\'t yet in this repo, you can extend the BaseClient class!

```python
import json
from hubspot3.base import BaseClient


PIPELINES_API_VERSION = "1"


class PipelineClient(BaseClient):
    """
    Lets you extend to non-existing clients, this example extends pipelines
    """

    def __init__(self, *args, **kwargs):
        super(PipelineClient, self).__init__(*args, **kwargs)

    def get_pipelines(self, **options):
        params = {}

        return self._call("pipelines", method="GET", params=params)

    def _get_path(self, subpath):
        return "deals/v{}/{}".format(
            self.options.get("version") or PIPELINES_API_VERSION, subpath
        )


if __name__ == "__main__":
    API_KEY = "your_api_key"
    a = PipelineClient(api_key=API_KEY)
    print(json.dumps(a.get_pipelines()))
```

## List of available clients

```yaml
hubspot3/
  setup.py:             pip setup file

  hubspot3/
    __init__.py:          hubspot3 module
    base.py:              base hubspot client class
    blog.py:              hubspot blog api client
    broadcast.py:         hubspot broadcast api
    companies.py:         hubspot companies api
    contact_lists.py:     hubspot contact lists api
    contacts.py:          hubspot contacts api
    deals.py:             hubspot deals api
    engagements.py:       hubspot engagements api
    error.py:             hubspot3 error helpers
    forms.py:             hubspot forms api
    globals.py:           globals file for hubspot3
    keywords.py:          hubspot keywords api
    leads.py:             hubspot leads api
    logging_helper.py:    logging helper function
    owners.py:            hubspot owners api
    prospects.py:         hubspot prospects client
    settings.py:          hubspot settings api
    utils.py:             base utils for the hubspot3 library

    mixins/
      __init__.py:          extra functionalities for hubspot3
      threading.py:         allow threaded execution of hubspot api calls

    test/
      __init__.py:          no documentation found
      helper.py:            no documentation found
      logger.py:            no documentation found
      test_base.py:         no documentation found
      test_broadcast.py:    no documentation found
      test_error.py:        no documentation found
      test_keywords.py:     no documentation found
      test_leads.py:        no documentation found
      test_settings.py:     no documentation found
```
